Hello everyone and welcome back to
another AFK Journey video. So the
upcoming reset is a big day for global
server. We're going to be getting the
higher Dura trials floors, which means
we're going to be able to craft mythic
magic charms finally. Now the first
important point I always mention when we
make these charm priority guides is any
hero which was released in this season,
including contest, including Aurora,
including Celes Sylvan, you can buy
charms from the charm merchant for them.
Now they may not be the ideal slot
because now there's also set effect when
you get into mythic charms. As you guys
can see on the Shamira here for example,
but basically it might give you some
charms which are useful, so you should
pick those up first. Okay, now we're
going to talk about what are the
priority heroes for you to be getting
your charms up first and foremost. We're
going to go faction by faction
and talk it all out. It's going to be
mainly your dream realm focused heroes
first of all. However, AFK stage heroes
you can also invest into because it will
help you there as well. And then PvP
would be the final priority. We're not
going to really talk about that too
much. Okay, for the Lightbearers there
are not any major heroes for dream
realm. Hogan does see some usage though
and especially in endless difficulty as
well. He is seeing usage, so I would
recommend getting the Hogan charms. Now
the thing about Hogan are it's either
blast charms or mystic charms. Generally
mystic are are good options especially
for AFK stages. Mystic are essential.
Sometimes in certain dream realm blast
might be slightly better, but basically
mystic is a safe bet and I would say
probably you should go for those, but
blast is the other option that has some
usage in dream realm. So Hogan is going
to be important. Apart from this, Sylvan
is as well. We saw Sylvan today in the
Sarothian boss and probably we are going
to see him in in in Sarothian boss even
maybe next week. So getting the Sylvan
charms are going to be big. Also for AFK
stages Sylvan is used a lot and so
getting his charms are really going to
help you there.
And definitely gale charms do seem the
way to go for Sylvan. Attack speed to
allow him to proc his extra blades more
frequently and then attack, you know,
just to increase his damage output. So,
I would definitely say Gale charm charms
are recommended for Sylvan. Apart from
the Zanny, hardly sees usage. Some
people are running her in Dream Realm,
but generally she's not in the overall
top team. But, if you do want to pick up
charms for Zanny, Gale charms are safe.
They are tried and tested uh and they're
a really good option, attack and attack
speed. So, I would probably recommend
those. Um apart from that, not really
much more to comment here like Siren for
AFK stages. And for him, usually
destructive charms are the charm of
choice, uh which are these ones over
here. You can pick them up if you use
them a lot in AFK stages, but not really
necessary. And then, Perseus, sometimes
I see him in AFK stage. I think my
viewers picked him up for uh for PvP cuz
he he's has he has a crowned Perseus.
He's using him in PvP a lot, of course.
Um and so, arcane charms are recommended
for Perseus, by the way. So, those are
the big ones. Cassy is not seeing any
endless usage, so you don't need to
worry about these other heroes here.
Moving on to the Wilders. Wilder heroes
for Dream Realm, definitely you're going
to want to get Valera charms
and also Solise charms. Now, Solise is
easy, so we'll start with her. Uh arcane
charms are best for her because the
skill power increases her attack buff
she grants to allies and attack
increases her initial attack, which is
with their scaling of how much attack
buff is given to allies. So, she's an
attack buff bot as well as a healer and
arcane charms would be best for her for
Dream Realm. Valera, if you're using her
in Dream Realm, this is the and you are
in Nocturne Grove, you know, everyone
is. The problem with Valera is usually
sorcery charms are good for Dream Realm.
However, sometimes there comes a boss
where like you want to have mystic
charms on her or blast charms on her.
So, that's the awkward thing about
Valera. But, basically, starting off
with sorcery is always a good option
um and and yeah, I like you cannot go
wrong with sorcery charms. But, for some
specific content, whether it be some AFK
stages or whether it be um Dream Realm
sometimes, Mr. Gorok Blaster also have
their usage, but sorcery is a good safe
bet.
Fera Mora. Now, Fera Mora doesn't have
the most Dream Realm usage. He's mainly
for AFK stages, but if you're going to
get him for AFK stages, well, my viewers
go in arcane charms. However, ruthless
charms are actually is recommended for
AFK stages, the ruthless charms.
Um but but mystic and arcane both work
for Dream Realm content. Um and and so
either one of those can be a good
option. And then you have Flora Bell.
Flora Bell is going to be very important
if you have her with the supreme plus
skill upgrade, and her best charm is
going to be the gale charms. I tested
this on the pioneer server, gale charms
were the best one on attack and attack
speed.
So, you're going to want to go for that.
And her charms are going to be important
because she's seeing um multiple boss
Well, at least the Doom Scourge boss
usage. So, there you have those heroes.
Apart from that, you do have um Ravan.
Uh I don't think you're going to see him
basically at all in Dream Realm, like
for this phase, but arcane charms are
just always the best for him and for PvP
definitely as well, and that's also what
probably why my viewer has the charms on
these heroes. These are his PvP heroes.
He has gale on Lilith May also for PvP,
I guess. Um so, yeah. Uh apart from
this, you have uh some AFK stage heroes
like Theodora, and getting the insight
charms on the Theodora are his
recommended charm set, even though
they're not recommended here. Insight
are good skill power increases, like the
crit he gives to ally behind him. So,
those are the recommended ones.
And that's basically it for the Wilders.
Not much more to talk about here. Let's
move on to the Maulers. So, in the
Maulers, you have of course the queen
herself, Galahad. Blast charms, major
priority. You Obviously, you guys have
seen her usage. It's basically eight out
of eight of bosses for Dream Realm. You
need to get her the blast charms. These
are the best charms for her, and she is
She is dominating Dream Realm. So, this
is going to make a big difference. It's
one of the most important charm sets to
get. Korden as well is going to be
fairly important. Not the most top top
tier, but but yeah, there's is seeing
usage in auction Judicator even today in
Soratro boss. If you don't have con-
contest, then you would be using Cordon.
And blast charms are going to be best
for Cordon. Apart from this, the other
heroes here are not too important. My
viewers picked up smoky charms. I can't
remember Smokey's actually being in any
top dream realm team so far for the
global server. However, it may be with
mythic charms. Usually that is when he
comes online. So picking up smoky
charms, recovering charms will be good,
but you can also wait on this. Wait
until you see Smokey actually being in a
top team for dream realm, and then you
can pick up the charms. Don't pick those
up like the number one priority or
anything like that.
But yeah, these recovering charms are
going to be important. Those are the
best charms for Smokey, and that's
basically it for the heroes that you
guys see over here in Nazik.
Unfortunately not seeing the dream realm
usage right now. Okay, finally we have
Graveborn of the main factions. So over
here, definitely you will want to pick
up the Shamira charms. This is going to
be important. Um but she is still seeing
some dream realm usage, and butcher
charms are the best for Shamira. So get
the butcher charms on Shamira.
Uh don't get baited by the blast charms
because I think her recommended are the
blast, but the butcher are are the way
to go for Shamira.
And then you have Damon. Uh in gloom all
for some budget teams, he is seeing
usage, and mystic charms are best for
him. Also, he's a beast in PVP, and you
can even use him somewhat in AFK stages,
but mainly PVP and dream realm. And
yeah, mystic charms for Damon are going
to be important. Apart from that, you
don't Yeah, you don't really need to
worry about the other hero charms. My
viewers basically done a really good job
of what he's chosen to actually craft.
Voka used to have some usage in some
backup teams for blight charm. Uh
however, I honestly think very few
people are actually using her in the top
team unless you're limited on options.
If you are limited on options, then the
best charms for her are going to be the
Okay, it depends. This is the thing.
Arcane charms are better for her if
you're running her with Bellran. This
was how it was in the previous season
for blight charm because the the skill
power increases her attack speed buff to
nearby allies. So if you really get a
lot of value by attack speed buffing
your other carry damage dealers on the
team
for blight room whatever bosses and
arcane charms would be better. But for
Velika's own raw damage, gale charms are
better. So, that's basically the
decision you'll have to make. I'll talk
more about it if Velika is ever used in
any dream realm boss.
Um then I or team, I will talk about it
when that happens. But basically that's
just the difference between the two.
Both are good. However, it depending on
your allies, arcane charms could be
better for some dream realm uh teams
compared to uh if you just want to
depend on Velika for her sole own
damage, then gale charms are better for
her. So, that is what we have there.
Ooh, Isabella. We forgot to mention
Isabella. Oh, maybe cuz my my viewers
going contest. But basically Isabella,
if you want to get her charms um I don't
know. Honestly, I need to we need to
check and we need to see testing cuz
sometimes there's some charm issues with
Isabella. But basically if you wanted to
know the best charm set for her,
you need to look at ultimate power or
skill power.
Ultimate power is the way. If you see
this here, it increases attack by more
if you give her ultimate power. So,
definitely you want her charms to give
ultimate power. The skill power is is
not useful for increasing your damage
output. And so, you're going to want to
give her ultimate power and then
probably that's just going to be the
recommended charm set. Yeah, this is the
only one. So, you're going to go for
this healing and ultimate power
wizard charm. These are going to be best
for Isabella. They were the best for him
ravager as well. So, that is going to be
important. Apart from this, we do have
Mr. Thorin for King Croaker. His charms
are not going to be very important.
Um but if you do want to get the optimal
charm set just for damage in dream
realm, it's going to be the blast charms
because those are going to increase his
damage by the most. But if you want like
tankiness for PvP, then you're going to
go for the bear charms if you're using
him in PvP. So, that's what we have
there.
And that should be it. Shadring,
Ludovic, no meta usage right now.
Ludovic and just not enough damage for
endless and Shadring we're in endless
now. So, Shadring's nowhere to be seen.
Kind of same with Bonnie. Nowhere to be
seen. But if you want to get Bonnie
charms, I will just tell you usually it
has been the sorcery charms being best
for her. So, I would recommend picking
up the sorcery charms on Bonnie if you
want to get her charms. Okay, so we're
done with all the main four factions.
Just to quickly run over them to make
sure we didn't miss anything. Okay,
Masha we didn't talk about. If you're
using Masha in blight room, you'll want
to get her arcane charms because those
are the best for her. They increase her
attack which increases her combat fury
damage and they increase her attack buff
she provides allies by providing the
skill power.
So, that Masha is going to be pretty
important. Shakira is not really in any
near even top team. So, there's nothing
to really comment about there. In the
wilders, we did cover everything I'm
pretty sure. And of course, if I did
still miss something you guys can feel
free to point out in the comments
section that's much appreciated. And
yeah, cuz that's always possible in
these videos that I make. Okay, now we
have the celestial hyper celestial
heroes and there are a lot of key heroes
here as you guys see. I don't know why
he's gone in the charms on Taylean.
Uh cuz Titan reaver isn't even going on
right now. Anyway, Twins sorcery charms
are the best for her then. Sometimes
though, eagle charms you're going to see
some eagle charms in some dream on
bosses because this is always a case.
Because of the boss mechanics, sometimes
for some teams it's better to have eagle
charms on Twins. But generally speaking,
for maximum effect sorcery charms are
the way to go for Twins. They increase
the buffing capability of them to the
most the highest extent.
And so, sorcery charms on Twins are the
way to go and they're a major priority
cuz they're in like seven out of eight
of the dream on boss top teams.
Aurora also, she is going to be a major
priority. You can pick up her charms
with the charm merchant, but if you
don't hit anything good then you will
just have to craft them. Now, for
Aurora, she the sorcery charms are going
to be the way to go because they enhance
basically her summons damage Sunny and
then her summon as well. So, yeah
sorcery charms on to the Aurora are
going to be the way to go.
That is true. Okay, Balerion insight
charms if you have Balerion built he's
seeing dream on usage. Definitely you
want to get him the insight charms. And
then finally, Alice had of course also
the queen of endless dream realm. You
want to get her the arcane charms. Uh
that's going to be big. Those are the
best charms for her. Okay, apart from
that, I mean the other heroes uh Alna is
just AFK stages, but if you're going to
focus AFK stages, you want to get Alna
with the What were the charms? Inside,
yeah, the inside charms cuz that
increases That increases
uh
this thing.
Yeah, HP. It increases max HP of your
ally by slightly more. So, that's why
it's more utility.
Uh and that is it for Celestials. Moving
on to Hypogeans. Hypogeans, of course,
we have Contes, the new the new
basically member of the your team
roster, and you're going to want to have
Yeah, the arcane charms onto her.
Wait, arcane charms? Is it the Yeah, it
is the arcane charms because basically,
she deals HP loss damage with her uh
skill. And that skill power skill power
is going to amplify that. Her ultimate
is only for healing. Like the the
ultimate power is only going to increase
healing. That doesn't matter for dream
realm. So, just raw damage is going to
be arcane charms. Arcane charms are best
for her for dream realm. Those are the
ones you should be getting. You can pick
up from the charm merchant, but you're
probably not going to hit all of them,
but maybe it can just make you your job
a little bit easier and quicker. And for
Gorvo, it is going to be the blast
charms as you guys see here. Blast
charms are best for Gorvo because that
increases the attack buff that he
provides to ally behind him from the
ultimate power and attack of his own.
Increases his initial attack and his
initial attack is is how uh the the buff
the attack buff value is calculated onto
the target behind him.
Huroc. So, Huroc Oh, interesting. My
viewers going for the balance charms.
It's always difficult to know between
balance and butcher charms. So,
honestly, I would not craft Huroc's
charms yet. Wait for dream realm. When I
make the dream realm video, I will talk
about based on the findings of which
charms people crafted, what's getting
the top score, and then you can just go
with that. Uh balance charms are safe
usually. They are top, but sometimes
like butcher charms become the best
option. So, again, there's a little bit
of a difficulty with Horok, but only do
this if you have Horok belts, of course.
Apart from this, you do have a couple
other heroes here. Forestro, he's going
to have potentially some usage or maybe
backup team usage. And then
Ravadrum and Titan Reavers, like that's
it.
But his charms for Dream Realm are
sorcerer charms, by the way, but you can
also make do with sturdy charms. And
sturdy charms overall are better for
like other game modes. If you're using
him anywhere, all sturdy charms are
better. And then you have Mejira. Mejira
is going to be on the mystic charms are
best for a gem, really speaking.
Sometimes arcane charms, like maybe for
Ravadrum when she's a dedicated damage
dealer, then arcane charms could
potentially be better. But generally
speaking, mystic charms are better for
Mejira and also for AFK stages. So, you
can go for the mystic charms on Mejira.
And that will help you in AFK stages as
well. Rainier, he's not going to be
majorly important for Endless Dream
Realm. I don't even know if he's going
to have any usage in top teams. But if
you're using him at all, mystic charms
are the way to go for Rainier. Those are
going to be the best. And Kulu, if you
are using Kulu in AFK stages, you will
want to get
her Well, this is actually the tough
part. Because sometimes you want a wall
to be thicker. You want a wall to have
more lives, more
more hits that it can take. And then you
want skill power. Skill power increases
the hits that the thing can take. And
then you can go for arcane charms. And
arcane charms overall probably are good.
But sometimes you want to go acute
charms on Kulu because basically that
doesn't increase the thickness of the
wall, but it just it gives her
beneficial stats. So, those are the two
options we have. And then my viewer
doesn't even have a single copy of
Saida. But to show you Saida, Saida
charms are going to be the blast charms.
You want to get blast charms on the
Saida, ultimate power and attack power.
Those are the best charms for her. I
think everyone's aware of that. And if
you're using her in AFK stages,
definitely she is a major priority for
AFK stage pushing. So, finally guys, we
have made it to the dimensional heroes.
Congratulations for making it this far.
It's only Pandora and Pandora so far
hasn't been in any top teams, so you can
wait on this. You don't have to craft
your charms immediately. Uh but if she
does ever end up being in a top team, it
is going to be the blast charms. Blast
charms are going to be the best for her
attack and ultimate power
because attack increases her damage
output and ultimate power increases her
HP loss damage from her ultimate, which
is basically her only source of HP loss
damage. And there we have it, guys. That
is going to be it for all of the mythic
charm priority. I hope I covered
everything. I think I did, especially
when we went back and caught some
things. But if there's anything else
that I failed to mention, feel free to
share in the comment section. That's
always appreciated. Thank you guys all
so much for watching. Good luck on your
crafting tomorrow. And as always, you
can always wait for my Dream On video of
the day and I will tell you based on the
team you're running, which are the
priority hero charms to craft and uh
that can help you, too. But thank you
guys for watching. That's going to be it
for this video. And if you think about
making a purchase in AFK Journey, please
use my affiliate link for the official
Farlight Store. This is the best way you
can support me and also gain 5% bonus
dragon crystals on your purchase. My
affiliate link is in the description of
this video and a pinned comment. And you
can actually bookmark this link in your
browser and whenever you're planning to
make a purchase, just return to the
bookmark link and make your purchase. It
will support me and be greatly
appreciated. So thanks for watching.
I'll hopefully see you in the next video
and until then, everyone, peace out for
now.